hi my name is Jenna Bolden and I'm
representing representing New South
Wales Metro my dad's is Bruce Bolden he
is from Flint Michigan he played at
Boise State came over here or he went to
Europe first played professionally there
then he came over here played NBL I
think like going to get 17 seasons one
of the goals I've set myself at this
tournament is just to be a leader in my
team to maybe stand out of all the rest
and just get wins and get to the
championship game and winner ah well
leadership in your leadership probably a
tight unit really tight with each other
so that's off and on the court so as a
team we just sort of click with each
other when he tries my coach tries to
drill into us to the team's sort of just
play the system work as a team don't
really work on one-on-one stuff just
stays a click and just play the game
basketball have fun what goes through my
head when someone else puts up a shot
it's just to get to the ring go for the
callbacks dance
just a little pull back two points two
point two promotion my career goal is
promise get to the top I'm trying to go
College of course and to see where I go
from there hopefully just take it all
the way to the top of it yeah just stay
humble the whole way one of the reasons
I wanted to wear those pink shoes is
because well I saw them my shop and I
stood out to me in there breast cancer
shoes I'm sort of supporting the cause
as well so yeah a couple of my
Australian possible inspirations would
be like up to the night Copeland's he's
pretty good I'd like to give shout outs
to my dad Bruce my mom my sister my aunt
to my family
Michael azeris my team my coach that's
it for me I'm going back to the hotel
now follow us on the bus was Charlie on
Facebook Twitter page